so now we're exploring the south of
Greenland and to do so you typically get
around on boats like this one and now
we're headed further in our song
80% of Greenland is covered in ice but
not nar sock this is a place where
you'll find wildflowers and fresh
berries and mushrooms too small town
population 1700 but big on activities
what are some of the outdoor activities
people can do here you can see it's
really nice and natural here and it's a
nice route and some people are running
hiking climbing and the kayaking must be
quite nice yeah that would be also if
you're fisherman or a hunter
yeah fisherman you can freeze there
another site and hunting reindeer you
have everything you need in terms of
food and standing over the stream where
you can catch the powder it's all
natural right here yeah and we've got a
blueberry blackberry and a potatoes and
a lot of things as you're walking around
now Rock you're likely to encounter the
locals they're very friendly
you might even take a seat with them and
listen to the language
farmer oak whistle meant noon yep is
here it looks like it's time for lunch
yeah they've gone out and these people
who own this fishing house right now
they've gone out to pick berries it
seems yeah yeah and I hear we got a
blackberry here too yeah
blueberry too yeah and they make it
really like mommy lights yeah and I just
eat it too okay and I one day make cake
and they use it too but it's really
taste good
but crystal now we've come up on top of
this hill so we can have a beautiful
overview of the city and the fjord and
the ice and you have cruise ships coming
now
yeah this summer we got our fall cruise
ship one thing that I think anyone
coming to this place could appreciate is
its its unspoiled its doesn't it's not
overrun with tourists just the passage
just coming in here alone is beautiful
because you see all of this ice yeah
it's very you see you can already see
now it's beautiful whether you're in our
sock for one day or for a few days
you'll find plenty to do we would have
liked to have stayed longer but we had a
boat to catch
instead of taking local buses from
village to village in Greenland you take
votes and as you can see it's not a bad
way to go it's as much a sightseeing
tour as it is transportation
you